Good day to all of you for
shadow and shadows plan namely wa wa wa
wah hello world speak audience like so
see us today so interesting
thing we are knocking out with anyone
the tribe pav how to designate this tribe
we Indians call their eggs so it seems
on the Indians and here ritual dance
they have such dances
I do not know the lilac pebbles like
want so and call knocked we
specifically 200 pieces in general, they had to
hundred
what do we show you see let's
Let's start with where they are located
again we take for the landmark city
Calpheon although by the way it is quite far
from us water scorpion and here we are on top
we have some city
it is by chance not the same we are mining
called not on the right side above us
no no good but in general there is some
town's landmark for you that is
Calpheon some small town
and to the left of it and down are my
here are bushes and here are such moby ki in
the forest is still alive to us of these Indians
both a few things i'm gonna get them
here are a couple of these pebbles in general
Vova kills he not sleep on photo poke there
for 100 pieces we get weapons and
weapons exactly to your class ie if
you are a giant ax if you are an archer there
onion and so on another one there and here
now here these pebbles rise
on video and show and what he showed
There were 200 hours but 10 methods
pennies on 201 and it turns out the weapon is
better than what is allowed at the moment
which I have which I brought on
previous videos can look at
same tribe iroquois but same
giant barbarian hockey and here I am
knocked axes which which is pretty
not bad to be only 100 items
i can get much better by
initial damage and final damage
so turn on the record again when
let's run the compass which we will pass and
already show the weapon itself so here we are near
nps and he is in the city kalfeon i
here the truth is really stupid
In Calpheon, we are trying to
return to
the city who does not remember the right button
click on this which you need to pass
here you are indicated the auto path as well
denoted nps so press p
interaction we have 200 items to give
I'll show you right away that I have three
loose amber checks nothing more
there are no them now
exchange for weapons
here is the bottom quest indicated that that pieces
we can not exchange for something bam once
exchanged for something and in our amber as
I said there were three gulls left
2 and axes appeared with damage 1324
Of course all weapons from additional
stats
but this is a weapon but even higher
on initial ron and of course we are than mine
axes which I have now plus those
if you take the initial damage and now I will
I will show that there is still worth a move like
Once this prompted me to Vova who with
us on the video that I will now be sharing
shadows again axes yes yes yes that is
and not like you used to be the opinion that you can
drop only weapons on your class ok
this is a drop in etsa for everything you can swing
swing the barbarians and knock the shield over
you don't understand him here
exchange 100 percent for your class
you press p again 100 items 1
once we exchanged everything for something
go in inventory and me the second such
axes
mitino that is equally cook 10 you
add at this point may or
honestly say yes for example, see yes
dude say you assigned somewhere such
same axes examples when you for accuracy
start sharpening your weapon part very much
very quickly falls for example at me
Now add metabo bs 12 to see
because so far not found
example today so looked a few
hours on these indians
I get you 600 and how many drowned him
remains due to these axes which
traded its strength by 60 per se
completely tower their axes
but I'll add this moment here too
look I today also pulled hatchets
of course you twist my pole
I have a whole plus 7 yes I am lost
five strengths that is . I went nowhere
lost five strength now I have
there are no such axes now
will have to buy somewhere at auction or
beat giant drive a second
here is what is convenient here these axes
which yes and which I already have
two pairs they here we stuffed these two pairs
very, very quickly stuffed like a warehouse
yourself notice these axes
rebuild firmly so won in guys
Basically, we all showed you told
Pro axes very important such a thing that
you can fill them a lot sharpen you know
where to get well and with you was for shadow and
clan shadows see you soon on
channel as well as in terms of